I'm in Visual Studio Code and I would like to apply clang-format to my hello.cpp file.
So I'm going to go to the extensions and I'm going to search for clang-format,
and I'm going to install it.
Now, it's installed and it says,
"Files can be formatted on-demand by right-clicking in
the document and selecting format document,
or by using the associated keyboard shortcut usually Ctrl Shift F on Windows,
Ctrl Shift I on Linux,
and Shift Command F on Mac OS.
So I'm on Linux, so I want Ctrl Shift I.
Now, if I come here to hello.cpp and I hit Ctrl Shift I,
clang-format actually puts my one line, "Hello World!"
implementation on the same line as my function signature.
If I save this and I compile it and run it,
everything should still work but I have clang-format's default formatting style.